hey HollywoodLifers its cloak here and I
am at the famous Ted Gibson salon here
in York City and I'll let you introduce
yourself ok my name is Jason baki I am
the master colorist Gibson salon and
also the celebrity colors for l'oreal
professionnel I had a little horror
story happened while I was home over the
holidays
in atlanta i got my hair colored and I
just
single process color I just wanted like
a rich brown and as soon as they washed
my hair color I could tell that was not
the right folder dog then again most of
my hair was darker on the end that it
was up top and I kept going like this
like a second
I don't understand that then I had a
friends say well your hair is red what's
fun for me as a colorist in this kind of
situation is I get to see someone that
I've never known before he's coming in
with a less than desirable result a
chance to really be a superhero and like
take something that you feel like it's a
nightmare and making it something that
you love we could match this so that
everything from roots to ed's is this
deeper brunette and maybe put in a
little bit of variation so it doesn't
feel too dark or too heavy all right
cool you're up for the challenge so am I
so this is a great product to do
corrective color with it's called
platinium and this is an ammonia free
version of a light mare a lot of times
people are afraid of using light hair on
their hair because it can open up the
cuticle really far expose a lot of the
natural pickets or that are in the hair
and sometimes even breath up the hair or
damage
you
and then I'll have a different formula
that i'm going to bring through the mid
lengths and ends so you have
a little bit deeper at the scalp to a
little bit light
and which is the exact opposite of what
you have now right now you have the
worst thing in America alright guys so
here we are I'm getting ruined right now
and the amazing man king of hair has
just says that it matches perfectly what
do you think I think it's gonna be
amazing I think so too so I'm really
excited so we'll be right back IVFs it's
kristen booker be editor for Hollywood
Life I'm here with Jason cocky the
amazing Global winter tightly get enough
amazing Maya celebrity colors for
l'oreal professionnel and the Guru of
all things fabulous probably hair he
just finished he just finished working
on Chloe you're up kitty amazing
photograph but I went to get it Wilson
haces so exactly what did you do for
clubbing well Chloe had you know some
really vibrating all most important G
tones
and I got into a darker Burnett under
beds an end so basically all we did was
sort of balance that out of a single
process and then put in a little bit of
subtle variation of some golden
highlights Hollywoodlife and bring that
in as your reference like the board
tools you can give your color as the
better result you're going to have this
constitute flurries hair looks
absolutely amazing you if you're ever in
New York City Board Washington OC I
highly recommend making a plane with
Tennyson and most of his Gibson girls
will tell you
a lava Kingston girl that's obsessed
work that though that's all for now and
we'll see on the next segment stay
beautiful BFF so high five